Add verification page before unregistering from event from email (#408)
amiv-eth/amivapi: README.md

If you only want to use AMIV API, check out the online documentation
(There's a link in the github description above).

> If you are an administrator and wish to get the AMIV API r`unning, keep reading!

Reviewer: Typo?

### Manual Installation for Development

> For development, we recommend to **fork** the repository and install AMIV API

Reviewer: Nitpick: I don't think we need to highlight this word. I would remove the stars.

password `amivapi`.

```sh
# Initialize "swarm", a scheduling and clustering tool, that will enable us to create a network overlay
docker swarm init

# Create a network so that the api service can later be connected to the db
docker network create --driver overlay backend

> # 

Reviewer: This line seems to serve no purpose?

> docker network create --driver overlay backend # Overlay so that it is representative of the real-life AMIV structure

Reviewer: I do not understand this comment, what is it's purpose?

ROOT_PASSWORD = 'root'

# MongoDB Configuration

> MONGO_HOST = 'mongodb' # or 'localhost' if you run the API from Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MONGO_HOST = 'mongodb' # or 'localhost' if you run the database locally
```

Author: Awesome :D

    --name amivapi-cron --network backend \
    --config source=amivapi_config,target=/api/config.py \
    amiveth/amivapi amivapi cron --continuous

# To attach your command line to the docker instance, use

> docker attach amivapi... # Use tab completion to find the name of the service

Reviewer: Thinking about it: This is not at all how one should use a docker service, and not really required for the amivapi, so I don't think we should recommend this here.

> docker attach amivapi{...} # Use tab completion to find the name of the service

Reviewer: Nitpick: the curly brackets here are quite unusual notation.
